You ever see a knobbybly tree and think
why does that happen? These random knobs
that you see all over the tree are
called burls. Burls are interesting
because they get caused by some sort of
stress. Google says it could be physical
injury, insect infestations, viral,
fungal or bacterial infections. Gross.
The reason I bring this up is we all
have our fair share of burls
>> and some are bigger than others. This
matters because everybody has a
different level of pain tolerance. Some
people have gone through unimaginable
horrors and because of that develop
extreme thickness thickness.
>> And some haven't yet gone through
anything at all. But in either scenario,
the worst thing you've ever experienced
is still the worst thing you've ever
experienced. Side note, you guys need to
get out more. This is just beautiful. My
point is this. You might be a person
with extremely high pain tolerance, so
the little stuff just doesn't bother you
anymore. Or you might be in the stage
that you're going through something
difficult right now. Or you might be at
that stage where you've never
experienced anything difficult, in which
case the little stuff is a 10 out of 10
on your pain scale. Look, I'm not going
to sugar coat it. Life is hard and then
you die. But in the process, you can
make some beautiful burls or you can let
life cut you down the second you have
any minor injuries. My camera died, so
I'm on my phone. Anyway, guys, hang in
there. It doesn't have to be so bad. I
love you guys. Stay flexy.